Part #1 

Dear/Hello Miss Samantha-Maree Baker,

I want you to just look outside and look for a bright star, you may think whatever you like but I think about a certain star.
if you ever get to learn about the solar system just remember Pluto exists, I hope I have made your days a bit happier and please
wipe away those tears and remember you can be anything in this world, I know you will make a difference.

This is actaully my first letter to you, I am pretty excited to know abit about you like the basic things for now like umm your new pet? Fred just joking Piggy?
you know by the sound of things your living a beautiful lifestyle, when do you want to travel? do you need anything? I do love you with all my heart please understand
that I know we will do this at your pace, think of it as a option in life I get to rescue someone? maybe cheer up? maybe be there for her when it truly means the universe?
I miss you beautiful, seriously you can change any man into a greater man, I already know.

I hope school is going good, I herd by a little bird which told me you know something about sting rays? wow please do express. I hope your doing fine? I hope you enjoy playing pokemon. Psst... Pikachu is my favourite seriously what is yours? I bet yours is SnorLax.
I want you to know this life we were given, I am sorry if I have failed. What is your most favourite thing/person ? mine is you beautiful, I don't expect anything I just wanted you to know how I feel.
What kinda flowers do you? would you like a surpise? ... I am happy, that your happy. 

I am actaully nerves the day we actaully meet, in a park? at pet store? maybe we could go looking for pokemon together? I am giving ideas your a indepented person, I am sorry about my spelling.
I just want you to know I am here if you ever need me, seriously. I am sorry I am me, I am glad you are who you are. 

Part #2

Hey Samantha-Maree,
I feel empty when your not in my life I want you to know that is not your fault it is just how things are I guess so it is what it is right? I have never been a father before I believe I failed, only you can decide.
you can write to me everyday or every 30 seconds if you want? or maybe get a diary for yourself and do like a collage thingy? like a scrapbook? I hope you enjoy life, OMG how you have grown and changed into a real lady I surpose right? if that is the case no boyfriends till your 50 years old.
if you don't know that was a sad jokes of dads, you can call me Ben,Benji,Benjamin maybe monkeyface? I don't mind I will surive. 

I have Q ( Question ) can I maybe one day get to put your name on my body as a tattoo? I will give you a picture when it is done? How is your poppy? I forget what you call him, sorry been awhile.
I hope he is teaching you about them harley davidsons? maybe he is teaching like how to be an artist? I have no clue so maybe you should fill me in on the gossip right? nah hunni you dont have tell me.
you do it all 100% at your pace remember this is your life and I would like to see you exceed them dreams.

Anyway,
I don't want to bore you with small facts and Q's, thanks for reading though.
P.S It means everything to me and if you think that I deserve a chance please reply with your poem or letter or maybe both. That would make me the happiest person and feel a tad important.
I have a set of dices in my life and I have to take a chance before I can win, your very unique.

Love You,
Benjamin ( Dad )