Song Title - Part Time Love

[heart beat]
I do this from the heart & mind,
I think to much,maybe not, do I even feel your soul,

[intro beats]
Let's begin this with a shout out to all of my soldiers, solute,
keep fighting that personal war, stand up and show the critics your right & tight for this situation god has given you, yes another chance and gamble,
look might not feel right but you just gotta fight it just ask vanilla ice & the crispy cream toons crew, solute,

[Open The Curtains] - 
Wave At Your Soldiers, Give Them The UpSide Down Solute, Give 'em Strengh! maybe even hope, here have some Pepper Spray,
look I am just a failue,
I just do this for a joke,
yeah maybe I take some of this seriously but that is just me,
don't even bother looking into the mirror tonight, 
just simply look at the tunnel light in your own issue, yeah here is a light bulb to help you, solute, don't fall down, 
get back up and show 'em your ready to fight for your country or yourself, holla to my generation, no granades, no life support,
just these padded walls, I am not even going insane, solute to those that follow this option in life, no spagetti, no amy winehouse, seriously?
how I am suppose to handle life without wine in my winehouse or I should say my wifes house, seriously I am gonna have a break down, wait a second,
Oskar Schindler, what are you doing here? I have come to save as many people as possible, I thought you only saved jews, no no I am a changed man,
look at me I just got outta the grave to say this Hail Eminem, Look for a new solution, violents doesn't solve anything, you should know that Bonkers,
What!, why is my mind speaking am I seriously this insane? who will even know? Slim Shady? maybe The Brady Bunch? hell no!,
Do I cry to much like vanilla ice, no solution just onion spray this issue, no tissues, we don't have a chronic fatigue issue,
look this Slim Shady character has some real issues, he is composive, he even jackulated onto someones burger and the shower, no remorst,
no pepper spray for this pyscho, no time to rewind now he has done it and they simply ate like it was lice, looks that way, gross, just lice not a life,
vanilla stop this lunatic seriously, he is distroying my legacy, I have connections to these people like you know, President TuneChi, West The Pest, Yeah Love Kimmi,
yeah I got both of them in the line up ready to let my first nuke go live, look at it just exploded and the president did shit about it but just talk more shit about Kanye West,
look he is queer like an elephant in a unrelated video, no flow just a black guy with a mic, nothing like your old dude Drake, yeah I don't even like him but Drake is a grape & I like Grapes,
so I guess Drake is pleased to know I like him for now, keep off the radar, even off speed dial, no drugs no life no wife no solution which means you have to use the onion spray solution, 
stop those tears rolling down your 8mile highway, get back up and fight for your spot, hand me a box and I'll tell you what, you wont like the response neither,
bitches without an idea for your wife, your life is over like Oskar Schindler, Yeah Limp Bitches! No Fresh Ideas!

Look I have no issue but he is the president so he is in the firing lane, I don't want to do a JFK on him just yet do you understand I need him alive still, just holla back, hand me a box, and I will give you a beatboxer,
like Joel Turner, yeah you never herd of him me either till I was sitting in a music room listening to Eminem & Linkin Park, no spark no ideas no suggestions no MGK, sorry I like that fella too,
but MGK just ryhmes with my wife and my new life and hell Slim Shady has lice, ( hahaha )
Never look back and wish to change what you have done, wired just like this, to diss people but still feel remorst unlike Slim Diet, No Diet, No Police, No Riots, Just a human race with a heart of gold,
simply really is, it not?, sure it would be nice but for that happen I would have to own the universe, unlikely, unfortantly, lifes not fair but I will live another day in this hell hole called a beautiful universe,
yes you herd I told you to stand up and start marching to this beat, solute to your past, present, and future, to those that have died since 1900 look I am sorry that it happened, I would like to see peace in this world,
no more dirty water, no more people starving, no more bullshit, no more drama, no more George W Bush, no more issues, no more nukes, no more wars, no more lost dinosaurs,

This is it, raw as it can get, no bullshit, no more Adolf Hitler, no more life like this, yes that is right stand up if your real Slim Shady,
now wave to your new fans even another grammy is coming your way, do this with no beat, do this with a beat it doesn't matter, I'll always beat ya,
no clue, no ideas, no simple plan,

Solute My New Soldiers, ( SMNS )
Solute My Original Soldiers, ( SMOS )
figure it out before you leave,
dinosaurs love you simply,
have a nice day.

Ya Favourite White Boy, Cocaine. 

P.S Do yourself a favour print this out and snort a line to get an idea! Don't Do Drugs! Stay In School, Don't Need To Be Cool To Fit In! I Was Like You A Loser!
Now I Express Myself! Peace Universal Soldiers!