Greetings Miss Samantha-Maree Baker,

Today I have been thinking and well I think that you should know is I am very proud your day is has been made ( getting your wish right? ) and I hope that is just wonderful as Alice In Wonderland, I am sorry I am not perfect.
Now I am doing myself a favour ( paying it foward and letting it be at rest ) by attempting to stay in contact with you. I really do hope for the best for you and your future, remember I am always here if you want to talk.
I will tell you somethings about me ok, I like the beach, I like Pluto, I like loyality, I like life, I like music, I like cats, I like dogs, I like tigers, I like spagetti.
I am trying to not mess up, I am trying to understand this feeling to need to tell you everything. I will try to not go into to much depth but always know I love you.

When your listening to a song try to find me a beat to vibe too ok, I think you should listen to Taylor Swift or Hilary Duff they are as real as they get. I use to listen to a varity of music,
I just preferred to listen a certain rapper. He is pretty skilled with words, insperation and courage. I develop & design software you don't need to know what that means yet but one day you will,
I just wanted to tell you. I do it for free, I don't know why but it just feels right? you know like pay it forward.

I own a business nothing fancy but just incase my future fails i'll have something to land on, Little Foot, I don't expect you to understand yet but in time you will.
Life is like a tree, seriously is, it grows every day and well sometimes it can also have it's down days look at them as skipping stones and try to beat that distance.
I hope one day you look back at these letters and think of something unique and witty and well very intreging to read. I think that the day you were born apart of me changed,
I don't know how to explain it but I felt somewhere in the unknown. You know a feeling you can not explain? 

I get that alot a feeling I can not explain or I guess express it is strange really, I have waited along to be able to send you mail, I had always wanted to write you letters
when you home from school, but we can not change the past but maybe we can in the future.

My mum, me & her have a rocky realationship it's not perfect as I thought I would never talk to her because of what happened in life but apart of me changed and well even though
she didn't send me mail or presents or give me something like a hug, I want you to look at your mum and give her the biggest hug ok, and please say that Benjamin is very sorry & 
he is trying to be someone in someones life. I miss you sweetheart.

Love,
Benjamin.   

P.S No Drama. Just Respect & Loyality. XOXO