 Song Title - Universal Soldier
[Intro Beat]
Why Hello, look, listen, turn it up, let the beat pump for a little bit, let's go, onwards soldiers,
life is like a rollercoaster,
yes really you just never know when you will reach that rainbow,
so look if Pluto was included maybe this would or could change right? I honestly don't know if french fries are from McDonald's,
We wonder all our life what do we want to be right? I am sure your struggling? I am sure you will be just fine, take your medication.
[Stop The Tracks Beats] - "bullets are flying"
[Continue Beats] -
Seriously though?
I once felt like a zombie, they robbed you? ok look if vanilla ice was to dye his hair black would it matter? limpbizkit eat a ****.
french fries dipped in ice cream, no beat right? maybe anything is possible. Just look above to thank someone, could be your mother.
Mine just happens to be my brother, R.I.P. I hope life is peaceful, I wonder sometimes is life really like this? seriously? ok why don't people change it?
Donald Duck freestyle, like vanilla ice. Someone is hidding in the basement,
so you slowly make your way down there to see what's going on only to see it was B Rabbit.
Slowly you think is that a white man rapping? seriously no it's Dr Dre getting eaten by hannibal lector, mid section, solute to a soldier.

Anyone herd of Slim Shady? I haven't either seriously though I was once told that this flow is what everyone asked for. Nope Ok..
Let's start all over again, just drop the mic and walk out like a coward. Melow beats get a soldier up in the morning, ready for days ahead.
Captain Crunch is no captain, he just wishes he was delious, french fried like vanilla ice. Chill Relax look at life and wonder have I paid it forward or have I distroyed it.
Only you will know. [ HardStyle or JumpStyle ]

Tech n9ne just gonna jump on this mic and show the level of his skillset, he just did and your confused, ( tech n9ne walks away shaking his head )
oh...ok,
look it is like this for a second,
I gotten beating twice, nice guy though,
Cypher is slow, eat it up like a dinner roll.
Yeah I choked on the mic but bullets came spitting out like a ak, I am not a gun man, I am just a wannabe,
See isn't it nice to know that is a low point,
unzip the situation, look cloesly..I died inside,
cool and free I see? empty your pockets feed it too a homeless human,
Encore is ready for a medium rare option just like your steak on your plate, just make sure to eat your veggies.
Omg seriously Eminem just puked punt in tended, his mum just made us spagetti she even put insperation into it.
look are you ready? not yet? ok let's go straight ahead keep your head up soldier, so let's begin again,
walk around like a lost soul wouldn't that feel great,
nope it doesn't, it honestly feels like that your just a lonely soldier,
your alone because you allow yourself that chance at the begining it is fun because your mind is inside of an Asylum.
Catch That Dream, play tennis, maybe even be yourself. Just promise to roll them dice!

Peter Pan is from NeverLand,
He is just like you a child,
it might be hard to accept but that is the holy truth,
God once told me life is a gamble, I laughed
look at me rolling the dice again which are in my left hand,
now just drop the mic because you may have just seen Linkin Park,
Anyway empty those pockets again I just seen Robin Hood,
Don't all run at once he might shit coins like a Nintendo,
Roll that dice you hold in you life, use it wisely or it will cost you your life,
play nice with fire by putting water on it, lyrical god doesn't even exist in this human race and hannibal lector doesn't count,
he seriously is a nice guy just try not to get eaten on your first date,
We have a God .. ( looks around ) oh is that Marshall Bruce Mathers III, sure is my friend, does it really matter?
yes it does how unfortunate for you because on which ever scale you put 8mile on, you will never understand it's like oxygen,
That Slim Shady, he is not even that shady hell he isn't even sad lately or even that crazy, look a orange or is that a tomato,
yeah folks he gets side tracked like a train wreck, emotions fly just like bullets maybe even faster? Don't you have a Grammy,
Do tell? does that Britney Spears really get on her knees, far out I just hope you and Skylar Gray didn't do a 50 shades on all of us.
isn't she your ex? damn man life is a conspiracy,
break your bread into God's hands, look at life it is simply yours if you want it.

[Drum Roll][Eminem Beat]
Oh lookie, it's you again, how do you do? scooby doo? that is you right?
no it's Pikachu and I am ready to zap your arse like a taser, many even do it with a bucket of KFC.
we have no clue, we are just clowns that smoke that Wiz kinda idea, no ice or overdoses, that includes pepsi or your last diet,
stay alive, just look for a statellite.
This kingdom is your doing, so paint a perfect picture.
if you just break down just think of yourself as a Rome Statue. ( Rome was not built in a day, just hang in there. )
the fuel already exist, just light it up! omg it's an Austrailan Rapper,
That's nice but the prime minister is sill missing, I think the U.S President took him,
Look in very Bush just not George W Bush leave that for Hillary Clinton.

To my beautiful daughter, I love you, tears are coming outta my eyes like as if I just poked myself, clumsy I know, bonkers has not deserted you,
not yet but there is a place you can call your safe place I call it Sammie in wonderland, a safe haven. Go to Sleep & wake up a better person,
always look at the positives because life is important, I know I traveled the yellow brick road a few times without my dice.
cookie dough, cookie crumbles where does the wolf stumble? Mexico or Alabama?
Texas is hanging on a hinge nice pajamas but don't you want to be fixed? nah it's ok, people are liking the view anyway.
on the beach with your toes in the sand listening to this song, mockingbird is the idea so you should be able to get along, Yeah,
[beat continues] - Hail Oskar Schindler! Hate Me But He Saved People Unlike You!
We are all still alive right? Yeah! [ ... walks away ]