Greeting Earth Lings,

I wanted to say foremost, I love you.
Do you ever just look at a rose and think how life is,
yes roses are red, but you also have black,white, pink and maybe purple,
who knows really, right?

Dinosaurs rawr, did you know?
up and down on your seasaw not even sure thats how it's spelt, anywho a dinosaurs rawring,
bahaha..that's funny, I'll get sued for the next line, so let's just rewind it's a frecking dinosaur,
t-rex hannbal lector was here, jack the ripper was to busy with a toy yes bouncing around to hardstyle,
yes that t-rex ate his veggies, Mr lector was here.
Anyway I don't think that's how it is spelt, forgive us lord.
There is people all around this universe, you don't even need a space jacket,
What is this place, Hell? Earth? Heaven? or is this just Pluto,
Solar System, A Misfit The Undertaker, Yeah the roads a rough soul,
Did you know The Undertaker Buried Brock Lesner? I am only joking,
Hint life is a dice if you roll over right or maybe even left, that damn Dino is going at it again,
Fred Did You Meet Fred Yet? Yeah LIMP D, That's an insult right? Honestly not to sure yet,
This is just messed up, lighten up, this a woman your speaking too, what is wrong with you are you mental?
maybe but it makes sense, look who let out the wolf huh? I am serious put him back in his cage no one wants to hear ( howling )
seriously those love songs will never happen, calm your farm seiously, (hahaha)

[Yela Wolf] - Stop The Howling! [=  

Anyway I am just gonna guess his mexican flow and just keep rowing this boat to the unkown parts of the universe,

[Slim Shady ] - Feed These Bitches Already! You know I ment Dishes not wifes.

Look it took me awhile, but I got there, empty handed, not begging for a cent, call me the 2cents worth, dinosaur,
yes they hurd you Dino, relax Pluto will come and play one day,
it just happens to be so that a wolf and a mexican make Yela Wolf? maybe who will ever know, we don't listen wolves howling,
but I bet that Alabma, will smash that, yeah call my bluff see who is crying, yela wolf man relax that plant wiz gave ya seriously insane,
Snoop Dogg do you put your wiz gift inside of a doggy bowl? Holla, ( hahaha ) 
[Tech n9ne] - FastForward Please Encore ( Yeah Bitches Clap )
Tigger is bouncing around and singing along, rewind where is the honey?
That bear is so full of pooh and honey he doesn't even know it is Tuesday,
oh wait it's actually Thursday, my mistake, 
[Taylor Swift] - Something Unique
Yeah whatever she said I over power it, single handed left handed yeah that's right a t-rex at school, laughing so loud that people are shouting out,
calm your farm, ya goose,
yeah turtle neck sprayed onions and pepper spray,
that's the way to go, noddy your head while listening to Techno at it's finest,
why hello noddy? how do you do,
welcome soldier to the parts of the actual unknown,
Roll that dice twice, tell me did you get a life? MarioParty,
it is starting to sound and look like a wolf has been here, grr thought my command was clear, no howling!

The Presedent is here TuneChi, Rocker Fella, Nah Just Hip-Hop at's finest, blow smoke here he comes the hottest talent god has given other then 2Pac,
Yeah B.I.G, Jay-Z he is just a guy I once herd freestyle, like i hit the snooze button by mistake and learnt he is one of a kind, no bulldust, no slim shady,
no granades, no solution, pepper spray this situation,
[Jay-Z] - I don't know but the Dr is in the house so think like B.I.G
[Dr.Dre] - I thought I would do it formally as i was just gonna put [Dr]Ed without a head love Hannibal Lector,
[Yela Wolf] - calm down Lector he was about to have another feast, like maybe some KFC?
[Skylar Gray] - No Shady, No 50 Shades & No Gravy Please
Yeah I am falling asleep too, look I am tried, I just might pay off my ex wife ( hahaha )
simple plan is here, being just like noddy, no plan just going on a joy ride, freestyle,
no they are as good as Blink182 or Sum41, some of the greatest, maybe your not a fan,
eat it up they are, limptbizkit, walk away, untie your shoe laces, now rest your head,
Linkin Park, saved the day, no cape, no fancy shoe lace, not even a beat for a soldier, 
Offended but I will show up and give them the box of lice I mean life, and just like that toy soldiers existed,

My soldiers always died because they fought for what was right, like they exploded on a stage of them all WrestleMania,
yeah we watched as they smacked a bitch, maybe even kissed Mr Mc umm I forget where I am, hell yeah stone cold, stunner, alphabet,
your time is over, so go back to that old shelf Slim Shady you remind me a nobody who doesn't shave, yeah onion breath, I know it was you who,
does not name those who are just simply the whos and whys of life, Yeah turtle neck sweater, is no better then villina ice, sorry bro it just flows you know,
don't fall over that, relax, just relax, that's right be kind,

I got no time but the court house looks nice,
yeah I just seen fred doing a turtle neck sweater with a curly fry to top it off,
I am gonna puke, yeah punt intended,
This salt is like villina ice, yeah you need it, yeah you want it, yeah stone cold steve austin,

I just went to the shop, to get a drink,
come out with a bottle of Gatorade, like I was hooked, like reading a book, very nice, indeed,
a new soldier has arrived, no time to explain but they are cooked and ready, show them Lil Wayne,
yeah, 
words might mean everything to you one day sitting there getting all MGK on our arses because something was not right,
volcano, flows straight through, yeah I busted a nut or 2 so would that make it 3? who knows but are you still thinking about my nuts,
gross, move along soldier, Yeah this is messed up, really off the train tracks, 8mile is near I can feel it, stop for a second, I hear a train,
yep B Rabbit, at it again, oh wait was it Marshall, Yeah let's just blame the whitest bloke on this block man, it only has 2 houses, so what they get the idea now,
Yeah we are trailer trash, yeah we are general waste, maybe even an oxygen theives, so what nod your head as this beat continues to fad away like villina ice,
yeah that poor bastard is melting, I told him to stay outta the sun instead chill when the moon is set, umm yeah Yela Wolf go have a chat with Jack The Ripper he will get her or him or even Bruce,     
too soon? not to sure I am just saying it though for a joke, no villina ice.

[VDilla] - Yeah Villina, They did you, They sprayed Ice in your face, Highways & VDilla [=
   
Nice little song to vibe to when alone and want some company around, insane enough to save you,
thanks to everybody who helped, I have beef with many people so this is a warning shot, yeah!

Love,Peace & No Drama!
From Ya Favourite WhiteBoy Villina Chilled.
 