Your Vision Part IV
[JumpStyle Intro Beats]
[HardStyle Main Beats] - chill vanilla ice inside an esky.
I honestly don't know but this is just a fresh start like the same old turtle race but from a different view I honestly guess,
look this is just for fun I sometimes need this to just to vent somethings that might help you? I don't know only the future will see us before we do ourselfs,
there is no rush it will happen just be patience, look around life is perfect for you right now, vanilla ice on the beach swimming with Ian Thorpe, 
cocaine is not a good choice or even a weapon inside your asylum, when you meditate do you feel like B Rabbit or Notouris B.I.G?
Sorry did I just misplace something, look over there "THE GAME IS OVER" oh wow new painting, Oska if your listening this is for what you did in history,
honestly thank you for having a heart at least your a beast like Hannibal Lector under the influnce of oxygen, stop seriously is this even written correctly?,
this is just another life isn't it?, wake up cunt, 
you got a life to live get up and fight everyday like it is your last,
live your life however you vision it I believe,
who cares what I think about it right? I am just wasting my time like a lie inside your mind, 
Get back up when your being mocked and shoved into the deep end with bruces, insanity, your right, continue on,
tech sixtyn9ne I mean tech n9ne is back in the alphabet list like shindlers list, oh shit not like birdman shit, kissing elvis,
we got a word for that but let's be sival? did I spell it right? nope ok, shit I did it again being a loser,
oh well was nice knowing you like see you in the after life, I am sure I could be a star right? I don't need to be a bright star just a star in a universe,
 
You can do it like Bruce, this is the phathom and you should know that when you get to a low point in life, just take a deep breathe,
step away, look at the wall with a Alice in wonderland, Mad Hatter, Style, Johnny Depp? I am a shit speller, want some Aussie Rum? No Crocodiles, No Snakes,
No Exit, [thud sound effect] 
No License,
Come on B Rabbit Keep Up!, [rapping] b rabbit => be a rapper
look out it is Joel Turner, [beatboxing] Turtle Neck Sweater => Joel Turner
fuck you all this is Tech N9ne, [Custom Beat] No Tech => Tech n9ne
[Tech N9ne] - I don't know man just freestyle, dolphinstyle, mexicanstyle, look no speed dial shit!

LimpNoDisc inserted, yes I herd him, look so what get brittney spears to drop to her knees again, make history,
limpnomistake he choked when he snorted that verus, like who's got the balls to stand up? not you ok I'll do it!,
oops she did it again, one, nill, no vanilla ice-cream in the fridge again, damn!,

no level of skills, no experience with life, not a perfect universe, 
you can get through this, whatever it maybe, just think about and work on it,
sometimes it will take a few trys before you can master your pieces of the unknown puzzle, The Riddler Jim Carey,
Mr Freeze, BirdShit like Birdwoman I mean man right? don't I? look take a joke not a dick, unless your young Elton John with a mental disorder,
oh dear, I crossed that crossing without even thinking didn't even look both ways, damn man vanilla ice skillsets, get a real job,
 
I appreciate everyone that appreciates me, to be honest I think that is even crossing the lines sometimes, damn these track tracks, screw 8mile,
hold on asswipe 8mile is like your mothers van going somewhere, maybe your simply stuck in the mudd with those other clowns, it is alright, we fight for respect,
we dont expect it, never accept it unless you honestly feel the need, numb a feeling and life turns cold like Lady Gaga without makeup, no vegas trip, no trip at all,
snow white killed those poor little bastards with a kiss on the forehead, shut up already get a real job, 

[YelaWolf] - Cry Wolf

I am not there yet but I am gonna get there sooner or later, I just gotta try for myself you know, I have no clue but this is a great musical note, no violins,
no tears, no fears, no memory left in inside those padded walls, well whatever was gonna be said can just stay inside the jars under my bed.  
 